Welcome back my students.
So in this lecture I'm going to show you how to delete these comments and stay on the same page.
If you already haven't figured it out.
All right some of you already figured this out.
Some of you are having a little issues here and there.
So let me show you how this works.
All right.
So we are in post comments here like the post ID and what we want to do is when we click on the lead
we want to stay on the same page but now I know some of you probably were right and I'm not saying all
of you came to the polls on the score comments here and say you know what.
All I got to do.
All right.
It's on the the live link.
Say for comments for example right when you came here and you said All right let me just do this.
Leite alaw we go to comments now right.
It takes us to comments that BHB right.
But we got to comment.
We got one comment then that was fine.
We got redirected and actually we got the comment deleted but we got redirected to comments that BHB
and then some of you were in here and say you know what.
All right so basically what it is is days redirect me to delete.
I'm just going to go and redirect to post comments.
All right.
So you did that and now you came here.
You said delete and now you want to post underscore commerce APHC and you've got this era right here
and says undefine in that idea right.
Well they they.
Here is what is that when you get it redirect it is looking for.
I get requests and they cannot find it.
Right so.
So how do we fix this.
I mean you know it's it's a problem right.
Well sorry about that.
Just moving scream from one side to the other.
Give me one second.
This is the right way.
Sorry about that guys.
All right.
So you I don't know some of you you know trying our stock here and I just want to help you out just
because I got your back on this.
All right.
So let's go ahead and let's go to this link right here.
So we delete the comment right.
Very simple right here that's fine.
Now when we get redirected we lose.
They get requests right here so they issue here would be to what we think we should do here.
We should get they get requests.
We should send a request here and that's it.
All right so let's concatenate this right here.
There we go.
And all we got to do is say get ID.
And that's a good request for the 4th I.D..
All right.
So some of you did this and let's go back and see if we got any more comments.
We don't have any more comments.
We're going to have to make another comment here.
Let's go back here.
Let's just say win and support.
School of code comment.
I don't know this coming to you already but then we go to come and click on it and then we go and say
delete and now some of you got this error and you say why in the world just happened.
All right and now you're stuck there.
But now you're back again.
So the problem here is that when you click on this delete.
All right.
You need it you also need to send because you're coming back to this page right.
You also need to send again requests.
Think about it.
We are looking for the good records to show the comments and we can't find it.
And this is on line 139 here so go to your line 1:39 you see what happens here.
Show you right now you see that we're looking here.
We're commonplace ID equals that get requests and we can't find it so we can we we find this area right
here with this function because we can Querrey it but then we don't get anything here.
All right.
So the trick is to fix that.
So let's go to that lead right here.
And what we're going to do is when I send a second parameter so we do ampersand and then we say ID equals
and then we break it out right here with a concatenation.
So we say that we go just to them within the bottom would say get ID.
All right.
So I'll come back here and I don't think we have any more comments because they've all been deleted.
Let's try one more time and let's see if this works.
When for comment I wish this had thorough complete but it doesn't feel right here.
Coming to go back to Paul's comments click on it and voila.
We are on the same page and we got redirected to the same page.
Now your next job would be and I would do this on my side.
I'm not going to show you how to do this because I already did it all day.
All this links right here to reflect our new functionality.
Make sure that you always you also all day your other board right here.
We are a new functionality.
All right.
So I leave that to you and not want to show you that in the next lecture because you should do this
yourself.
You should know this already because we just did it.
So thank you so much.
And I see you in the next lectures